this
Really one million yuan
Successfully became a girl
Spend one million
Shifang cash back to account
One hundred to ten thousand
her money
I paid it back for her first
Are you okay?
hehe
It's okay, it's okay
It doesn't hurt
It's okay
Unexpected
you are still a
The invisible rich man
Hahaha
you're fine
fine
Hahaha
I have something to do
ah
Wait a moment
It's okay, it's okay
fine
The extra half a million
I can't spend it in vain, right?
The bottle I just broke
worth fifty thousand
One hundred thousand
keep coming
One hundred and fifty thousand
Two hundred thousand
Ah stop stop stop stop
ah
I can't stand it anymore
I I was wrong
you spare me
How can that be done?
ah
You still owe me three hundred thousand
Brother Lin
no
Mr. Lin
please
spare me
As long as you spare me today
Our Black Dragon Gang
henceforth
I'll go through fire and water for you
No excuses
Speak quickly
talk talk talk
Go through fire and water for Mr. Lin
No excuses
OK
The remaining three hundred thousand
Just take it as it is
medical expenses for you
roll
ah
Take a walk
go to hospital go to hospital
go to hospital
Xiaoqing
let's go